* Tell me where you've seen
my life *
* I look in your eyes
and can only see my... *
(alarm blaring)
(key pads beeping)
(beeping)
(alarm stops)
(whooshing)
(alarm blaring)
* Tell me where you've seen
my life *
* You're biting my hands
* And knocking me down
to the ground *
(keypads beeping)
(alarm stops)
DISPATCHER: Base to Nora-fifty,
we have an alert.
Come on, Johnny, this is
the third time tonight
the alarm has gone off.
Every time the cop's respond,
it's a $500 charge.
The place is secure.
Now, just send someone over
to fix the damn thing already.
(saw buzzing)
DAVID: Dude, what were you
doing out there?
Interviewing a suspect.
What'd it look like?
Like you were late
for a date or something, huh?
Oh, come on now. You're the one
who interrupted me.
What, you didn't
want me to do that?
You gave me the
sign to back off.
I thought you had something
in your eye, man.
The sign to back
off is that.
Hey, ladies, the sorority
meeting is right there
in Interrogation.
DON:
Hey, what's going on?
Nothing.
You get Tolan to confess?
Uh... no.
DON:
Oh, I see.
So you mean
literally nothing.
What-what's with
these guys?
Remember when the
Who got back together
and decided to
go out on tour?
Took them a little while
to get their groove back.
Well, I'd better start
hearing the music soon.
*
(saw buzzing)
(beeping)
Don, a possible 2-11 in
progress at Pacific Westward.
What do you mean
possible?
The alarm went
off four times.
Security guard thought
it was just a malfunction.
Yeah, and?
Guard's not responding
on his cell phone or radio.
(siren wailing)
DON:
All LAPD units be advised,
FBI en route
one-three-five-six Park Plaza,
Pacific Westward.
Be advised, shut down code
three, we're five blocks out.
What do you say, Gary?
Got to stop meeting
like this, Eppes.
What do you think?
Anything to this?
Place seems quiet.
Can't seem
to raise the guard.
DAVID:
Check out the work truck
by the open
hatch.
City officer says
no one's working
in the area
tonight.
All right,
I'll take this one.
All clear.
FBI! Don't move!
David!
I've got him.
* I look in your eyes, I can
only see my own complexion *
Clear.
Whoa. Check
all this out.
Come on!
Give it up!
Only going
to make me mad!
Oh, we got a body here.
Still alive.
Fifteen Lincoln,
we need a medic
to make entry
as soon as
the threat is
neutralized.
(grunting)
Next time, listen.
Tear gas!
(explosion)
(coughing)
(explosions)
David?
DAVID: He's on the run!
DON:
Get a visual.
(coughing)
DAVID: I got nothing, Don.
DAVID: All units, be advised, we
got a runner.
All right.
He said he's gone.
Hey, we're in here
15 minutes, Eppes,
and not a single box has blown.
So, what the hell happened?
It's pretty nice
for a bank, huh?
Hundred grand a
year for a box?
Thanks.
Guy we caught is
Richard Fisk.
Done some time in
France and in Russia.
What for?
Mostly high-end
burglaries.
Museums, art
galleries.
And this guy's
a real pro.
He's not afraid
to do jail time,
and he isn't
saying boo.
All right, why don't you
check him out with Interpol?
Okay.
This is Mr. Friscia;
he's the president of the bank.
I'm Don Eppes
with the FBI.
Our clientele pays a
premium for discretion.
This type of attention
makes them uncomfortable.
Well, this canister is
military grade,
which makes me uncomfortable.
Well, we'd like to
see a visitor's log
for last 24
hours, okay?
That's not possible.
We don't keep a video
or a signature log.
Well, you need a pass key
to get in, right?
Well, the ID is anonymous.
Our confidentiality
is equivalent to a bank
you might find
in the Cayman Islands.
We're privately owned, so we
don't have to adhere to any FDIC
rules or the U.S.
Bank Secrecy Act.
WALKER:
Cayman Islands.
That's where people
normally go
if they've
got something
to hide.
DON:
So, Gare,
no forced entry, huh?
WALKER:
No.
FRISCIA:
We use
a state-of-the-art
biometric fingerprint system.
No keys.
Only the owner
of the box can open it up.
Well, what if somebody else
somehow did?
There are over 2,000
safe deposit boxes here.
What do you expect me
to do?
Bring down customers one by one,
tell them
they might have been robbed?
All right, well,
we'll be back
with warrants for the boxes
that were opened, okay?
Excuse me, but
you just said
you don't know which those are.
Yeah, not yet.
Hmm. Shutters at the Beach.
Well, it's a nice place
to be invited for dinner.
Uh, yeah, it's
a book party
that my publisher's
throwing for me.
Everyone's
getting invites.
Isn't that crazy?
I am so proud of you.
-Thank you.
Millie said that you cancelled
your lecture next month. -Yeah.
Well, it's the same
night as the party, so...
Yeah, but she said
she moved it.
And that's the same night
that your parents are getting
into LAX,
and I kind of thought
that'd be more important.
Oh. Well, that's sweet,
but I don't want you
to miss your lecture
just for that.
Well, they're
your family.
I want to be there
to welcome them.
What's up?
Hey, guys.
Hey. Oh, hey.
Don said you'd
be coming by.
Another bank
robbery, right?
Private bank. Thousands
of safe deposit boxes,
but we don't know
how the thief got into them
or which boxes he chose.
Oh. Check out
these acetone smears.
It's perfect for a
hand path prediction.
Mm, with an adaptation
of Listing's Law, right?
Whatever that is,
that'll do it?
Well, it's no different
than a, uh... a golf swing.
You know, by watching
and analyzing the swing,
we can tell
from the point of impact
where exactly the ball
is going to end up
without even looking
at the fairway.
Now imagine
that the golfer is invisible.
By looking at the motion
of the club
as well as the point of impact,
we can reconstruct
exactly how the golfer
was positioned.
Now, we're using the same
two ideas here:
your robber
was moving his hand around,
looking for specific
safe deposit boxes in the dark.
AMITA: Even though we can't see
him,
you know,
this model will help determine
how fast
he was moving,
which direction
he was headed in,
and hopefully,
what he was looking at.
Hello. DAVID: Hey, Lieutenant
Walker.
Hey.
Those the gloves
that SID found in the tunnel?
Sure are. -I thought they were
being processed
by our lab.
So did I.
Someone on your end
forgot to pick them up.
Wait a minute.
I thought you were down
at LAPD headquarters
yesterday.
Bag and tag is your department,
right? -No, no. -Since when?
Did you call...?
Gentlemen!
If you don't
mind. I ran 'em.
And they're clean on the inside.
Must have worn two sets.
But there's acetate
all over the fingertips.
That how the robber
compromised the system?
COLBY:
Those biometric
locks can be defeated.
Once you lift a print,
it's possible to make a mold
out of it and then
fake out the system.
You learn that in spy school?
Discovery Channel.
Right. The robber--
he had to know
which boxes to hit, right?
Yeah, not to mention access
to the owners in order
to lift their fingerprints.
My guess is,
it would be either an employee
or a customer.
Hey, Larry.
How are you?
"While being young
"is an accident of time,
youth is a permanent
state of mind."
I totally agree...
and who said that?
Frank Lloyd Wright.
Oh, yeah.
Still designing homes
the year he died at age 92.
Does this apply to me?
It's nice to see
a late bloomer
in the garden of knowledge.
Thank you.
What the hell
was that?
A CalSci tradition.
Every Halloween, the
students drop pumpkins
from the highest point
on campus.
From the roof of the library?
Oh!
Yeah, the tradition
further holds
that the pumpkins be dipped
in liquid nitrogen
to intensify the explosion.
Yeah, well, in that case, I'm
starting a new tradition.
The frightened student dash.
CHARLIE:
This is the square of one...
and, uh...
Oh, you know what?
I'm going to head off,
speak to you later.
So, about earlier...
About earlier...
What was going on earlier?
Come on,
don't say "nothing."
I just don't want you
to miss your lecture.
Stromsborg's doing it.
Okay?
I mean,
he's obviously not me,
but the students like
him just fine.
What, you don't want me to meet
your parents, or something?
Oh, I was joking.
No, Charlie,
of course, I want you
to meet my parents.
I mean, I love you.
It's just
that my dad,
you know, he can be a little
difficult about this stuff.
What kind of stuff?
Me and... men,
certain types of men.
This isn't about me
being Jewish, is it?
No. Charlie, no.
But it is about you
not being Indian.
Oh...
That's encouraging.
Um...
I'm kind of sorry
I cancelled my lecture.
Look, Charlie, I really don't
want us to fight about this.
Charlie?
Huh? No, neither do I.
Neither do I.
I just have to find Don.
WALKER: Now, how your brother
was able to figure out
which box was compromised
is beyond me.
Hey, my boy's
a well-oiled machine.
How you doing there?
We're here to see
Mr. Friscia, please.
Charlie is a
well-oiled machine.
Wish I could say the same
for the rest of your squad.
Why do you say that?
Sinclair and Granger were
a lot more buttoned-down
last time we worked
together, weren't they?
I guess they're
working some stuff out.
No offense, Eppes,
but you're supposed to work
that stuff out for them.
Oh? How do you suppose
I do that?
You start by knocking
their heads together,
and then you move on
from there.
My way is,
I give them enough room,
and, hopefully, things work out
for themselves...
Mr. Piennar is waiting
for you in the vault.
DON:
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
WOMAN: You're welcome.
This is Mr. Piennar.
Hey, how are you?
I'm Don Eppes, FBI.
You have a warrant
to look in my security box, huh?
We can get one.
Do we have to?
We actually believe your box
may have been burglarized
last night.
(sighs)
It's gone.
Everything's gone.
What was taken?
Off the record?
Okay, sure, off the record.
There might have been some
gold coins in there.
Oh, yeah. How much?
Neighborhood of half a million.
That's a nice neighborhood.
Anyone else know
what you had in there?
No, no. No one.
WALKER:
Forgive me for asking--
I'm just trying to figure out
where you're from.
Those coins wouldn't happen
to have been Krugerrands,
would they?
And if they were?
Well, I'd just ask
what you were doing
with a half million
dollars
in South African gold coins
that can't be traced.
I've said enough.
You...
...you'll be hearing
from my lawyer. Gentlemen.
It says Piennar defused bombs
in the second Congo war.
DAVID:
Yeah, a mercenary.
That's the kind of gig
that will pay in Krugerrands--
pure gold, it will exchange
anywhere in the world.
It says here that he lived
in Monaco last.
Then it looks like
he fell off
the face of the Earth
in 2000.
There's not much here
before '95 either.
You know,
if I was living in Monaco,
I don't think I'd be doing
any heavy lifting.
No...
Krugerrands are
a commodity.
There's only ten dealers
in Los Angeles
that will transfer them
to cash.
So the Treasury Department
alerted all of them.
And Walker's
hunch was right--
all four of them got deposits
for 125 grand each.
None of these dealers have seen
this many in a long time.
Any video on the deposits?
Brinks trucks delivered
each of them.
But it gets stranger.
Each place was given
instructions
to transfer the gold to cash
and then wire the funds
directly to the charities
on the next page.
Habitat for Troubled Kids,
and Give Youth Hope...
Who breaks
into a bank,
steals a half a million
in gold coins...
And then donates it
to The Artists for Youth?
Looks like we're dealing with
a real-life Robin Hood here.
DON: Stop Running, Give Youth
Hope,
The Artists for Youth,
Habitat for Troubled Kids...
If we take into account
all the work and the expense--
never mind the risk-- for only
a half a million dollars,
and then he gave it
all away to charity...
We got Charlie looking
for new boxes.
If Piennar is dirty,
maybe Robin Hood's
other victims are, too.
He must've picked them
for a reason.
So, if we figure out the motive,
we can figure out the man?
Hey, Charlie.
Don't knock...
Oh... (chuckles)
We're just trying to avoid
getting decapitated
by flying pumpkins.
Your problem seems
to outweigh
exploding gourds.
Well, this bank robber broke
into a safety deposit box,
and according
to my modeling,
at least two of the boxes
were compromised.
I thought I was closing in
on the two.
You're using a kinematic model
to predict hand path
in point-to-point
movements.
I'm trying to make some
adjustments to this program,
but without any help,
I'm sort of hitting a dead end.
Speaking of which,
where's Amita?
I haven't seen
her all day.
She wasn't at the house
this morning.
She's busy.
You haven't seen her either?
Isn't she teaching
a class today?
I-I... I don't know,
I don't know.
Of course, this all assumes
that the speed of the thief
was consistent,
that he knew exactly
where he was going.
When it could have been
irregular.
Well, as my own recent
trajectories taught me--
we don't always know exactly
where we're heading.
Hey, speaking of...
Aren't you supposed to be
at the monastery?
You've been spending a lot
of time around here lately.
Yeah. Well,
your model and my life,
they both share the same
problem-- too restrictive.
Like your thief...
who knows where I'm going,
how fast I'll get there.
Charlie found
two more boxes.
Ali Karimi...
WALKER:
Iraqi antique dealer,
left Baghdad in 2001.
Believed to have
stolen antiquities
from the Iraqi National Museum.
Next one's even better.
DAVID:
D.J. Rodriguez?
We've been after this guy
for a while.
I thought
he was in Mexico.
COLBY: Or the Bahamas or South
America--
depending on who
you want to believe.
Wherever he is,
if D.J. Rodriguez is in LA,
that's where he's going to stay.
Getting a warrant
for his box is easy,
but Charlie was right--
it was empty.
Yeah. Well, I don't need Charlie
to tell me what's missing--
either money, drugs, or both.
First, we have
a mercenary,
now a drug dealer and a fence
for stolen antiquities.
This Robin Hood is picky
about his victims.
You know, I'd have an
easier time with this
if Amita were around, you know?
-Uh-huh.
Because this is more her area
of expertise.
I know, you mentioned that.
Yeah, I could really use
her help on this one.
You want to talk
about it?
Is it obvious?
Yeah. What?
She's afraid that when
her parents come into town
next month, that her dad
will have issues with me
not being born in India.
I-I...
I feel kind of rejected.
Are you sure
it's you being rejected?
I mean, you know, Charlie,
parents have these ideals,
these perfect plans
for their kids.
What was your perfect plan?
That Don would play
professional baseball,
and that you would help me
start a planning firm.
I never knew that.
Are you disappointed?
No, of course not.
Nah. You guys help
people in ways
I could never have imagined.
Tell that to Mr. Ramanujan.
Charlie, I'm sure of it,
when he meets you,
he will want nothing more
for his daughter.
(clears throat)
I'm not really sure
what I can do
to assist in your investigation.
We believe the person
who broke into the bank
targeted specific
safety deposit boxes.
Have you checked
yours recently?
After I heard what happened,
naturally, I went right down.
And what did you find?
Let's just say your assumptions
may be correct.
Listen, if we don't know
what's inside,
there's no way
we can return it to you.
MEGAN:
Unless it wasn't yours
to begin with.
We know that you deal
in antiquities.
Agent Reeves,
I would rather lose my money
than answer your question.
This vase was stolen during
the invasion of Baghdad.
Your report says this is
worth $8 million.
To many Iraqis
it's considered priceless.
My colleagues
are elated
at the prospect of its return.
Right, and it just appeared
on your front doorstep?
You have no idea who left it?
No name, no number?
When someone calls
to drop off a vase
that's a mid-fourth
millennium B.C.,
you don't interrogate them.
You say thank you
and ask where the reward money
should be sent.
Reward money?
WOMAN:
Twenty percent.
Don't think you're dealing with
your typical felon here, either.
Had me split the cash
between these charities.
I Can Dream Foundation,
Laugh, Concern for Tomorrow,
and Leaders for a Better Now.
Kind of strange, Rodriguez
making a buy here this morning,
and Narco getting
that anonymous tip.
Convenient for D.J. Rodriguez
to be showing his face in L.A.
after all this time.
Well, he wants his stash back,
or whatever they ripped
off from his box.
I'm curious where the tip
came from.
Who knows?
Could be Robin Hood himself.
He's gone after
blood money,
he's gone
after the antique dealer.
Maybe this time,
the donation isn't the stash...
What, Rodriguez?
Oh, here they come.
Oh, man,
that much hardware--
this isn't a buy,
this is a hit.
Colby, you'd better
take them, take them.
(siren wailing)
Drop your weapon!
Hey, Eppes,
you ever play polo?
DON: All right, here we go,
giddy up.
Well, that's your sport, Gary.
Boy's out cold.
You're a popular
guy, D.J.
Got warrants in
three states--
not including the
federal stuff.
Do I look like the kind
that scares easy?
-You look like the kind
who's not going to be voting
until 2020--
unless you come up
with a good story.
I was set up.
We know
about the safe deposit box.
Guy who hit you hit
other people, too.
Got any idea who that might be?
A dead man when I find him.
Yeah, well,
we both know that
it's gonna be a long time
before you're
in the position
to look, so...
Some guy calls me.
Says he's got two keys
of my heroin,
rooster marker
to prove it.
Says he wants
to sell it back to me.
Word's out, anyone can rob
from D.J. Rodriguez.
I came in to clear that up.
You thinking
about being up there again?
-No.
Actually, I'm staring
at a chrysalis.
Oh.
The butterfly
that emerges
will in no way resemble
the caterpillar
that it once was.
Be a total stranger
to itself.
All it really
knows is
that someday
it must fly and...
rejoin the
dance of life.
You're thinking
of leaving the monastery?
Well, it's been
three months
since I returned from
the space station.
Eventually,
introspection must,
give way to...
well,
everything else.
Megan Reeves,
I got your message.
Hi, Charlie.
(clears throat)
I wanted to give you these.
Oh, all right.
Stop Running,
Give Youth Hope.
Uh, nine charities
that our Robin Hood has donated
to. -Uh-huh.
And I can't find a psychological
commonality
(phone rings) between them.
I was hoping
maybe you could find one of
another kind and... -Yeah.
I gotta take this.
Miss her?
Megan?
Well, I mean, I
did just see her.
You know what I mean.
-Well,
she does still make the
phenylethylamine race
through the blood.
How romantic.
Well, one needs more then a pull
of molecules, Charles.
One needs a sense
of timing.
Hey, noticeably absent
has been a certain combinatorics
professor.
Is it possible your own affairs
of the heart
have heightened your empathy?
Ah, Larry, love is one puzzle
after another.
You know, in quantum
experiments,
when we change
our minds,
we change the state
of matter itself.
How deeply our thoughts
can effect our relationships.
Grayson said that.
He also said that
to make a difference,
you have to move
beyond your own ego,
and open yourself
to the vast intelligence
that surrounds us.
You're right.
About what?
WALKER:
"Rob from the rich,
give to the poor."
Is that what you would call
a delusional personality?
A delusional
personality is often paranoid.
Now, our guy has been
meticulous, calculated.
Right.
Wilshire Division found this
on the doorstep yesterday.
Look at the symbol.
A rooster.
That's Rodriguez's brand?
The Krugerrands,
the vase, Rodriguez,
even his drugs.
I mean, this guy is keeping
nothing for himself.
We've polygraphed all
the employees at the bank.
WALKER:
What about him?
They all passed with
flying colors.
I take it
you people are
no further along?
These things
take time.
Which I don't have.
I received this email
45 minutes ago.
"Three secrets out.
"More to come.
Ten million
silences me."
Listen, giving
into extortion
is a really
bad idea.
I'm way beyond
losing clients now,
as well as taking your advice.
Hey, I've been looking
all over for you.
I left you two messages.
I know.
I needed some time to think.
Come here.
I love you.
You know that, right?
But it's always
nice to hear it.
We have a great life
ahead of us.
I never meant to put pressure
on you like that.
And as far
as your dad goes,
when you're ready,
I'd love to meet him.
Thank you.
I don't know.
Maybe after you win
your Fields Medal.
You really think
I'll win a Fields?
I do.
Why else do you think
I'm with you?
Thought it was
for my hair.
Well, there's
that, too.
There's something coming
up on your program.
Oh, yeah, hey,
look at that.
Uh, I gotta go.
Okay.
Mmm.
Hold that thought.
-Okay.
Just make sure we get duplicates
out to everyone just in case...
CHARLIE:
Hey, hey.
Sorry, I just ran over here.
You can always call, you know.
Uh, well, some of these things
need to be explained
in person.
Yeah, like what?
Like the, uh, the link
to your charities.
It's all about machine learning
and recommender systems.
All right?
I've gotten used
to not understanding
what the hell
you're talking about.
It's great to see you, too,
Lieutenant.
Uh, well, just think about
an on-line dating service.
Now, Professor,
what makes you think
that I would be familiar
with a concept like that?
(laughs)
Hypothetically.
You fill out
a personality profile...
gender, height, education...
personal beliefs
like religion, politics...
You also reveal subtle details
about yourself.
These questions aren't
just designed
to look for physical matches
and simple hobbies.
They're highly advanced
profiles
that look for intangibles
that will help you
find the perfect mate.
Now, these charities,
they're all local,
and they're all youth-based
in their mission.
So, I had to look
for subtler undercurrents,
and I found that some
of them provided
medical care,
or food or counseling.
But they all provided it
in person
through a common location
called Promises House.
That's a teen runaway center,
that burned down
five years ago.
Right.
And it specialized in teen
runaways and abuse victims--
and it provide a large array
of services,
some that these other
charities overlapped.
All right, they'd have
to pick up the slack.
So, what
maybe Robin Hood worked there?
I'll get in touch
with the Arson Unit
make 'em pull the original case.
Hey, David and Colby
have been following
Peter Friscia.
Looks like his bank's about
to pay the extortion money.
Don, this guy's
definitely
about to make a drop.
Suspect is out
on foot.
Pier 44, Dock Bay.
All right, then get out,
and follow, I'm gonna send
an air unit.
All right, let's
not burn 'em.
Robin Hood's a pro.
Figure he knows we're here
or what to look for.
He has a walkie--
must be how
he's getting
instructions.
This Robin Hood guy
is definitely coming by boat.
We need to move up.
He sees us,
he's just gonna take off,
and we can't chase him
on the water.
There's no bird
overhead yet.
Don, it looks like
our guy's gonna
be coming by boat.
-All right, I'll,
I'll call Harbor Patrol.
You guys stay
close, okay?
DAVID: What the hell is he
doing?
I don't know
I mean the ocean's open;
there's no craft approaching.
All right,
all agents move in now.
Let's go.
Don't!
You-- get back!
Put the bag down!
Move! Get back!
Get back!
David, take it.
Got it.
He's gone.
And so is the money.
Come on.
ERT found this
underwater,
attached to the other end
of the cable.
Spare battery
for an underwater propulsion
device.
Would explain
how he got out of there
before the Coast Guard
found him.
What in the hell?
You know, if he left it for us,
it's, uh,
it's probably
worth running.
Hey, what happened
out there?
Blew it, Don.
What's with
you guys?
I mean, do I need
to split you up?
Is that what's
going on?
No, we're good.
Yeah, not with me, you're not.
Get it together, you hear me?
Well, I guess that's
what happens when you
"let these things take care of
themselves." -All right, look,
I took your advice,
we'll see if you're right.
Problem's not
with your people.
FBI didn't draw your name
out of a hat
to run the violent crime squad.
They expect you to deal
with their problems,
same as you do in the field.
(sighs)
I don't know.
Look, you know,
I told you they got me
seeing a therapist.
Who isn't these days?
They've got me working on,
you know, trust issues
and delegating,
stuff like that.
I don't know if I'm ready
to be their therapist, too.
I'm not talking about any kind
of touchy-feely crap here!
You're their boss.
They're looking for
somebody to follow.
Well, your guys worship you,
I'll give you that.
If they do, it's 'cause I don't
give a damn if they don't.
Hey, guys, that license plate
came back to a 2002 Mercedes,
registered to an Alex Evans,
happens to be a
career arsonist.
Anyone look at him
for Promises House?
He's listed
as a "Person of Interest."
I'd say Robin Hood wants us
to look a little harder.
David and Colby just went out
to rattle his cage.
Did I miss
something?
How you doing?
What happened to your
license plate, man?
Don't know.
Kids, probably.
Dad's not interested
in talking to cops.
Yeah, how's he feel about FBI?
(chuckling):
Hates them even more.
How about you tell him to
come on outside anyway?
Man, look...
(groaning)
Who says we're
out of sync?
Hey!
What'd my boy do?
Misdemeanor
stupidity.
Actually,
we came here to talk to you.
Oh, about what?
Promises House.
A week after it burned down,
you were suddenly flushed
with money.
Yeah, enough to buy yourself
a brand-new Mercedes Benz.
In cash.
Now, you wouldn't want
to save us all some time
and just confess
right now, would you?
Yeah, okay.
Have a seat.
DON: He cuts a deal just like
that.
Maybe if he
sees himself
as a Robin Hood, this is
like an elaborate ritual
of confession
and repentance.
Different build
than the guy I saw.
You know,
you look at his record here,
and this guy
just doesn't have the skills.
No way.
It was a straight contract job.
Single burn point, a small
pipe bomb by the furnace.
All right, so who hired you?
Pete Friscia.
DAVID: The president of Pacific
Westward Bank?
Yeah, and I have proof.
So Friscia used to
run a real estate company called
Hart-Fam Industries.
They developed
the Los Angeles Complex.
This corner here is
where Promises House once stood.
The property
on that corner
Friscia sold for $20 million.
He wanted to develop the land.
The city wouldn't
evict runaways,
so he torched
their home.
I'll be with you
in a minute.
No, this can't wait.
Excuse us, sir, thank you.
What the hell is this?
Well...
(handcuffs clicking)
EVANS (over speaker):
I get fifty now and fifty later.
FRISCIA: Fine, fine, address is
4011 Hill Street,
place called Promises House.
Now, what does it say about you
that a professional arsonist
tape-recorded the meeting
to protect himself?
Let's go, come on.
You know, Charles, I'm
sensing frustration.
I really think I need
to talk to Amita.
No, no, we're fine.
It's this
hand path prediction model.
It's, it's complete
and yet there's still something
that doesn't make sense to me.
Will you please look at this?
Robin Hood passed up
all these safety deposit boxes
and then hit this one first,
then went back.
You said he was
a professional,
so efficiency should
dictate his moves.
Right.
Okay, so you start
with the most
expensive item.
Exactly, but he didn't.
He started
with the Krugerrands.
The less time you have,
the more efficient
you need to be.
He would have
started with a box
that he was certain
he could open fast.
Here, come take
a look at these.
Look. The first box,
it has barely any
acetone residue on it.
So maybe he didn't start
with that box
because he was aware
of its contents.
Maybe he started with it
because he was certain
he could open it.
Which would make him
in all probability the owner.
COLBY:
Courtesy
of the South African
Consulate.
Hmm.
J.W. Piennar--
real name is Steven Buckley.
What's
a reconnaissance commando?
Basically a Navy SEAL
with the surveillance skills
of an FBI agent.
I mean,
if this guy is our Robin Hood,
breaking into a bank vault
would have been
a snap.
Buckley, huh?
So he pulls the heist,
blackmails Friscia,
and then gets him put away
for arson.
But why?
And how would he know that Evans
was going to confess?
DAVID: I can answer that
question.
Treasury Department
just faxed these over.
Looks like we finally found
the $10 million
Robin Hood extorted
from the bank.
DAVID:
Central Bahama Trust,
RDP Belgium Bank,
Solomon Islands
International.
What's it have to do with me?
I'd say plenty considering
they have about $10 million
of your money.
I already have my deal.
A man going to jail
could get lost,
wind up
in solitary
for a very long time.
(chuckles)
You've seen my kid.
He's a freaking idiot.
There's not a
chance in hell
he's going to take care of me
in my old age.
So, if someone offers you
$500,000
to tell him who hired you,
another nine-and-a-half
million to confess
and do a six-year bid...
...what would you do?
A little stop on your
way out of town?
A lot easier to figure it out
once we knew your real name.
Your brother responded the
night Promises House burned.
That fire made Peter Friscia
a multi-millionaire.
Know what my brother got?
Lungs full of asbestos.
So what, your family
lost a lawsuit
and you decided
to hit the bank?
Is that it?
A man of your skills
looking for a little payback.
It'd be easy to get
a box at a bank,
do some surveillance.
Maybe find some other
dirty customers,
maybe grab a print off a glass,
say, at the bar.
I mean, we're just speaking
hypothetically.
If I did,
you'd have to know
I wouldn't keep a nickel.
All the money, the effort
would go to nailing Friscia.
And Promises House?
It's what my brother died for.
It would seem right
to keep their work going, eh?
You know, men like me,
men in my profession...
don't have any family.
Rafer, his kids...
...I had them instead.
So we hear you might be on a
flight to Venezuela tonight.
You know, if
it were me,
I'd stay there a
good long while.
What's going on?
You're letting him go?
Do we have a case?
No.
Do we have other
priorities?
Yes.
We might catch some
heat for this, Don.
Ah, don't worry
about it.
If anyone catches any heat,
it'll be me.
Yes.
Oh, no, please don't tell me
you're encouraging this.
Don't blame Larry,
this was my idea.
Yeah, your father
thought it would help him
connect
with the younger students.
CHARLIE: Well, then, what's your
excuse?
I don't know.
I just like
watching things explode.
Oh, of course.
Whoa.
What's all that about?
The two great adult
influences in my life
are heading off to
blow up pumpkins.
Um...
about my problem earlier.
Uh, I think
I might have a solution.
Yeah, what's that?
My father and your father.
I think that we should
get them together.
Because?
Because...
I haven't seen a Ramanujan who
can say no to an Eppes yet.
Ah... that's a good crew
you got there, Eppes.
That's right.
I think you're right,
you know.
When it comes down to it,
I do--
I mean, I got to admit
I want to be their friend.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Ah, it's up
to you, Eppes.
Maybe one of
me is enough.
I think
it's just--
it's all about learning
how to listen
to their personal problems.
Is that your answer?
That's what I like about
the new generation--
they got an answer
for everything.
Uh-huh.
I don't have an answer for
dating a co-worker, though.
WALKER:
Reeves?
You and Reeves?
No, no, no, no.
You didn't know
I was dating Liz Warner?
Oh-ho-ho!
Well, you won't find
me throwing any stones
with three ex-wives.
Last one was a sergeant.
Where are you guys
off to?
Going to catch a drink.
You guys want to come?
COLBY:
This guy's actually paying,
so we're going
to drink some top-shelf stuff.
Oh, I think you got the
lieutenant's attention
with that one.
Scotch always tastes better
if somebody else is buying.
COLBY: All right.
I'm not paying for you.
DON:
I'll come.
I don't think I remember
the last time we did this.
'Cause I don't think we have.
All right, well,
here's to new
traditions.